workshop/workshop-designer.md, before:


# UBD: Understanding By Design

The UBD technique of curriculum design was created by Jay McTighe and Grant Wiggins and outlined in their book, "[Understanding By Design](https://www.amazon.com/Understanding-Design-second-Grant-Wiggins/dp/B006NPF8D0/ref=sr_1_15?crid=26FTBZ6E9Q53K&keywords=understanding+by+design&qid=1636052567&sprefix=understanding+by+design%2Caps%2C94&sr=8-15)". UBD is a process of "backwards design" where the curriculum designer works through three stages, starting with the desired goals of the learning experience and moving backwards through assessments and then to the lesson design. It bears some similarities to TDD (test-driven development) processes in Engineering, where tests are to be written before the code. Use this template to outline your workshop's desired outcomes.

## Workshop Title

## Workshop Source 

List the workshop source from Microsoft Learn (usually a module)

## Stage 1: Desired Results 

> List your established goals of the workshop experience here. These are the takeaways that you want students to have after completing the workshop.

1. Students will be skilled at:

1. Students will be able to independently use their learning to:

## Stage 2: Evidence

> List any evaluative criteria and Assessment Evidence. Students will demonstrate their understanding of the concepts by doing the following:
 
1. Performance Tasks (these are tasks that a student can complete to demonstrate comprehension, such as a quiz or code challenge)

## Stage 3: Learning Plan

> Now you are ready to build out your lesson plan. Summarize the key learning events here by creating an outline of the milestones that you can lay out to structure the course.

1. List the key learning events in the workshop - for a one-hour workshop, we recommend 5 milestones

Commit message:

Add initial workshop design notes

workshop/workshop-designer.md, after:

# Workshop Title

Get started with Progressive Web Apps

## Workshop Source

List the workshop source from Microsoft Learn (usually a module)

## Stage 1: Desired Results

Students will be skilled in building a Progressive Web App end to end.

## Stage 2: Evidence

By the end of the workshop, students will be able to demonstrate their skills by creating a web app and progressively enhancing it to make it installable, secure, network-independent, engaging, and work offline.

## Stage 3: Learning Plan

- Generate a new Progressive Web App using PWA Studio or PWA Starter
- Add functionalities such as mood tracking, journaling, motivation and healthy activity reminders
- Make the PWA secure - deploy the PWA to an HTTPS endpoint
- Make the PWA installable - add a web app manifest to the PWA
- Make the PWA network-independent - register a service worker for the PWA
- Make the PWA work offline - try a cache-first strategy
- Make the PWA engaging - enable push notifications
- Audit and test the PWA to ensure it meets the PWA guidelines
- Package the PWA to distribute to app stores
